Gabriel Bento 2nd Davi Nunes 1ºE

2,8 Ave 

The secret agent

About the author

Józef Teodor Konrad Nalecz Korzeniowski, better 
known as Joseph Conrad, was born in 1857 and died 
in 1924. He was a British writer, well known for his 
works “Lord Jim” and “The Heart of Darkness”, and is 
considered one of the most important authors of 
English language 

Genre
Romance, spy novel and political fiction 

Year it was published: January 2016

Summary

The Secret Agent, written by Joseph Conrad in 1907, 
is the tale of Adolf Verloc an anarchist and spy for hire 
living in leafy old London. His mission is to attempt a 
on the Greenwich Observatory, hoping it will prompt 
anarchist suppression by state forces. He enlists his 
brother-in-law Stevie to do the dirty work, but the plot 
goes awry and Stevie winds up dead. Which in turn 
uncovered Verloc's endeavors, and the tragic fates of 
his loved ones. 

The main characters from the book are: 

Mr. Verloc: The novel’s protagonist, a double agent who works for a foreign embassy while 
maintaining a pornography shop in London as a front. He is married to Winnie Verloc. 

Winnie Verloc: Mr. Verloc's wife, a devoted woman who cares for her mentally disabled 
brother, Stevie. She plays a crucial role in the unfolding of events.

Stevie: Winnie's brother, a young man with an intellectual disability who is very loved by his 
sister. His condition and vulnerability are explored by other characters. 

The Professor: This extremist anarchist is important for his role in the manufacture of 
explosives and for representing the most radical anand inhumane face of anarchism in 
history. His interactions with Mr. Verloc and other characters add depth to the depiction of 
anarchist terrorism. 

Commissioner Heat: He represents law and order and is deeply involved in the bombing 
investigation. Your investigation and interactions with other characters help unravel the 
plot and connections between characters. 

Rating of book: ★★★★☆

The spy story is interesting and has potential, but it is quite slow at several points. The lack 
of rhythm in some parts makes the reading long. In addition to having parts that are 
obvious to predict, taking away all the immersion and impact that the story causes.